nicholasC-fred/README.md, before:

# 01-mobile-first

**Author**: Nicholas C and Fred
**Previous Collaborations** Nicholas and Rob and Fred and Joel
**Version**: 1.1.0 (increment the patch/fix version number up if you make more commits past your first submission)

## Overview
We are building a blog site to the designer's specifications. We were to mirror a few images of the sample site provided by the customer.

## Getting Started
We were given starter code with the html file completed. You would have to layout a CSS structure in which to build the design.
1. Normalize the CSS in vendor styles folder
1. Add SMACCS style files like base.css, layout.css, modules.css
1. Link them all in the head of the html
1. Set the viewport metatag in html
1. Starting with a topdown approach create the styles for the mobile version of the site
1. Again with a topdown approach, create the styles for the full version of the site
Day 2
1. Removed all articles from the Dom and used Nicholas and Rob's CSS to style the new page for Nicholas and Fred

## Architecture
We used CSS and modified an html file already given to us. We imported a normalized CSS file from https://github.com/necolas/normalize.css/
Day 2


## Change Log
1. We set up the directories
1. added CSS files
1. Mobile header hover content content content content
1. fixed header
1. Styled main-nav
1. Added style to main and footer
1. added README
Day 2


## Credits and Collaborations
We grabbed a normalize CSS file from https://github.com/necolas/normalize.css/

Commit message:

refactored code to utilize a JS data file instead of having a cluttered HTML file

nicholasC-fred/README.md, after:

# 01-mobile-first

**Author**: Nicholas C and Fred
**Previous Collaborations** Nicholas and Rob and Fred and Joel
**Version**: 1.1.0 (increment the patch/fix version number up if you make more commits past your first submission)

## Overview
We are building a blog site to the designer's specifications. We were to mirror a few images of the sample site provided by the customer.

## Getting Started
We were given starter code with the html file completed. You would have to layout a CSS structure in which to build the design.
1. Normalize the CSS in vendor styles folder
1. Add SMACCS style files like base.css, layout.css, modules.css
1. Link them all in the head of the html
1. Set the viewport metatag in html
1. Starting with a topdown approach create the styles for the mobile version of the site
1. Again with a topdown approach, create the styles for the full version of the site
Day 2
1. Removed all articles from the Dom and used Nicholas and Rob's CSS to style the new page for Nicholas and Fred
1. Completed the `Article()` constructor and created instances by assigning all of the properties of each data object to properties of `this`
1. Completed the `toHtml()` method, which renders each article instance to the DOM
1. Articles are now sorted by date
1. Added the necessary script tag to include jQuery in the app
1. Utilized jQuery functionality to modify the display property of DOM elements
1. Utilized jQuery functionality to traverse the DOM and completed the HTML template for the articles
1. Refactored all `for` loops using the `.forEach()` method

## Architecture
We used CSS and modified an html file already given to us. We imported a normalized CSS file from https://github.com/necolas/normalize.css/
Day 2


## Change Log
1. We set up the directories
1. added CSS files
1. Mobile header hover content content content content
1. fixed header
1. Styled main-nav
1. Added style to main and footer
1. added README
Day 2


## Credits and Collaborations
We grabbed a normalize CSS file from https://github.com/necolas/normalize.css/
